The story of vampires
20 years ago
vampires were only in stories
then they
appeared in the world
they took the form of humans
and easily
got mixed with people
and in the dark of the night
they started attacking humans
people started to fear vampires
The rumors spread even more.
Vampires have such powers that humans can't even imagine.
The one who is bitten by vampires, becomes a vampire himself.
No one could kill them.
Maybe we too have a vampire.
The situation got so bad that people started to fear the shadow.
I'll kneel down in front of you again
Hold my hand, end this tragedy
Don't let me go anymore anymore yeah
Even if I sit down, I can't go back, fate
Forever, I'll be there
Even if I get trapped, I'll find you a few times
One in a billion
No no no no
I desperately want you, everything
From the beginning to eternity before I met you
You're like a puzzle, I changed you, my destiny
Now I'll become one in a billion
One in a billion
I am sorry.
There are very few transfers like this in the middle of the year.
And right now, there is no empty room in the new dorm.
That's why I have prepared a room in the old dorm for you.
Maybe the stuff can be scattered there.
I will manage.
And yes, according to the rules, you cannot leave this campus after the evening.
And don't go anywhere for your safety.
A while ago, someone was murdered nearby.
..that someone was murdered near the school.
I have heard that this murder was committed by a vampire.
By the way, our school is very famous for..
..the difficult entrance exams.
So it is impossible that any teacher or student of our school..
..is a vampire.
I am sorry.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'll come back.
Here's the room.
Forgive me, but you'll have to stay here alone.
If a new room is empty in the new building..
..then I'll shift you there.
By the way, I'll also like this room.
Thank you so much.
I am going to stay here alone.
Wow! It will be fun.
This is the most famous school in Riverfield.
Not only this, it is known to clean the vampires.
So, no one will think wrong about me.
I don't need to run anymore.
So, I will go to the normal school.
Now I can live a normal school life.
What if I find a dirty room in the corner?
Anyway, with the help of my strength I...
There is a vampire.
Help me!
I came here to take my book.
What you saw is not true.
You have misunderstood.
I am not a vampire.
Believe me.
I have believed you.
Vampires cannot come here.
I don't know.
I'm sure everyone says the same thing.
But I don't want anyone to doubt me.
After all, I hate vampires the most in the world.
I had forgotten You had come here to buy a book right Tell me where you had kept it I have cleaned the room No problem I will find it myself Is it this one
Wow! This is such an old book.
Yes. I am very interested in old stories.
Is it? I too like to read books.
I am also interested in old stories.
If you don't mind, we can discuss it.
Oh sorry, I too am not giving you the chance to speak.
Actually I am very happy to know this.
Till today it has never happened that someone has seen me doing something like this.
And still he didn't doubt me.
Anyway leave it, take this.
Thank you, we will meet again.
What? Okay, we will meet again.
Your name?
I had a good chance to make friends.
And I messed up again.
May I know your name?
What?
What? My name? I am Suha.
My name is Suha.
Suha.
It's a very lovely name.
Won't you ask the name of this handsome man?
What? Yes, tell me. What's your name?
People call me Haley. I'm in 12th grade.
I'm glad to meet you.
Yes, I'm glad too.
Okay, we'll meet again soon.
Haley.
What? A transfer student?
Didn't you know, Gino?
She's a girl, right?
Yes, she will stay in the old dorm room where we used to keep our stuff.
What?
That means Babum can't go there.
If we make him our friend, we can go there.
And Sean, you are very fast in talking.
That's true.
Listen, our stuff is lying there, right?
We left it there.
Yes, so we will go and get it.
We have to get it.
It seems you have become friends with him.
Who is it? Who has become your friend?
Haley, that new transfer student.
You're telling the truth?
I just met that girl and her name is Suha.
Haley, Solon was right.
It's impossible to be friends with other students.
There's no point in being friends with others.
I understand you very well.
But believe me, that girl is not like the others.
That means she's like us.
No, she's not like us at all.
You can't come here like us.
You are forgetting that there is no one like us.
Here, there is only us.
I know it very well.
But I don't know why.
I am being drawn towards him.
Is it true, Hailey?
Is this love at first sight?
Can we also have such feelings?
Anyway,
even if we make friends with them,
they will never accept us.
You are absolutely right.
We will never accept them.
And anyway, making friends with us can be a problem for that girl.
Hey, one minute.
Tell me what are you all doing in my room?
Ahily, I really like this place.
wish sir
and this aisle
as well
I mean, I am here too.
Your name is Suha, right?
I have heard about you.
You are that transfer student, right?
I am Shion. Will you be my friend?
Yes, I am sure. I am happy to meet you.
Shion is a mad man.
I will not let him be my friend.
I won't give you my phone.
Better than that, you can befriend me.
I am Gino.
Oh, okay.
Hello, Gino.
You too, right?
Hi, I am Jaan.
And listen to me carefully.
Whatever Solon just told you, forget it all.
Oh, what's this?
You too have started?
Don't pay attention to him.
He says anything.
Yes, right.
I think it's a good thing to treat a transfer student with pride.
I am proud of you all.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
What are you doing here?
Come on, let's go.
Okay, you go. I'll come.
Suha, did you come here to buy something?
Actually, I want to see the whole school.
Okay, Suha.
I'll show you the whole school.
By the way, there's still some time before class starts.
What? You'll come?
If that's the case, I'll come with you.
Yes, let's go.
Yes, you are right. It is our duty to show him the school.
Why do we need to go with so many people to show him the school campus Why are you shouting so much If you want to go you can go with us I don want to go anywhere Okay then you can stay
This is our library.
Wow! It's much bigger than I thought.
This is the classroom of the ninth grade students.
And the classroom of the tenth grade students is not close.
The classroom of 11th and 12th students is just a little ahead of them.
Oh, I see.
By the way, I will tell you that I am with you in the 10th class.
Yes, leaving the salon.
Jaan and Gino are in the 11th class.
And Heli is in the 12th class.
And our two friends are in the 9th class.
Their names are Zaka and Noah.
You all are in different classes, but you are still good friends.
You're good friends.
Yes, we grew up in the same orphanage.
And we've been together since childhood.
None of us saw our parents.
Oh, I'm sorry for hearing that.
This is the athletic field.
There's a night club tournament in a few days.
Everyone's practicing for that.
Noah and Jaka might be there.
Oh, really?
Really?
They are so excited about this tournament that they are training on the ground alone.
Actually, they don't like to lose.
Just like you like to lose a lot. Am I right?
Yes. And I am sure we will win this time too.
That's great.
By the way, will you make me play?
It was just a ball.
I got a lot of hair.
Sorry, did you get hurt?
Are you okay?
Noah, Jaka, can't you see them playing?
Thank God, the ball went towards Jan.
Play carefully.
Forgive me.
Our ball.
We'll take care of it next time.
Okay, see you.
Suha, did you get hurt?
No.
What did I say?
Sorry, are you alright?
Yes, I am fine.
I am absolutely fine.
And to show me the school,
I thank you all very much.
No problem. I too enjoyed a lot.
I remembered.
I might have forgotten something.
I will go to my room.
Today, I was going to die of shame.
I wanted to thank you too.
But why?
When the ball was coming towards us, you pulled my uniform and saved me.
But I wasn't saving you from the ball.
I was removing dust from your uniform.
But I want you to...
Forget about making friends with us.
Because we don't make friends with anyone.
And never with you.
We don't befriend anyone.
I don't know why I feel weird.
I'm being pulled towards her.
Anyway, leave it. Don't ever talk to us again.
I felt the same.
The same as Hailey felt.
I'm being pulled towards her.
Is it so?
I can't explain it but...
I feel as if some invisible power is controlling my mind.
She is controlling her power.
You are right.
Like a human being.
Give her whatever she wants from you.
Yes, you are right.
You are right.
Is this what you call love?
We fell in love at first sight.
We should not have such feelings.
He is right.
Because I am feeling some power.
What happened to you?
Okay, I won't call you high from now on.
Never.
Okay, you can call me high.
I won't talk to you for long.
You can talk to us as much as you want.
Don't misunderstand me.
When I refused to befriend you, it didn't mean that I hate you.
I was just saying.
Let it be.
Even after I say no, they won't listen to me.
That's why, don't pay attention to what I say.
Okay.
Let's go.
Hey!
Hi Suha!
Shall we go together?
What?
What? But..
Today is my first day.
Maybe that's why she is worried.
Hey, Haley.
Hi, Haley. How are you?
Hi, Haley.
Haley.
Hi, good morning.
She is so famous.
Don't worry about what Solon said to you.
Because I know you are not at fault.
The reason is our secret.
What? You just made me hear your voice in my mind.
This is called telepathy.
Consider this my special power.
But keep this secret.
Okay Suha, it's time for your class.
But...
Suha!
I am very happy that we are in the same class Me too Come Come and sit with me But there is someone else sitting here
No problem.
I will tell Solon to sit somewhere else.
Okay.
You don't have any objection, right, Solon?
No. You sit on your seat, Solon.
I will sit somewhere else.
Don't let it be. I will go.
See.
I'm thinking of cleaning the room after class.
Oh, really?
Then let me help you.
What?
How can I help you?
You all won't have any problem.
No, no, what is the need for that?
I will do it myself.
Not at all.
You just stand and watch our work.
Yes, you are right.
If we help, the cleaning will be done quickly.
And anyway, I really enjoy cleaning.
You are lying.
I am not lying.
He's lying.
We used to use this room before.
Yes, we left the things scattered.
I'll help you.
This is my room.
Careful, don't touch it.
Careful.
What? But why?
I'll pick it up. Don't worry.
Do you remember I told you about my power? Are you scared?
Yes, yes. I am absolutely fine.
We are just like you.
What? Like me?
Haley, are you sending me a telepathic message?
Yes.
Oh!
But Suha, I am not scared.
I am not scared.
But Suha, will you tell anyone about my power?
Not at all.
We will always keep each other's secrets a secret.
Okay.
Suha, look here.
Look what I can do.
What is this?
Now look at my magic.
I can warm your hands if you feel cold.
Did you see? I can do this.
You guys...
Why are you looking at me like that?
I can't do anything like that.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I mean, I have power but I can't show it.
Okay.
Anyway, we came here to clean up.
So, start.
You also help us, Solan.
Okay, we should leave now.
Good night.
Okay, thanks for the help.
Thanks.
See you tomorrow.
Bye bye Suha.
These people are really very nice.
And I am not alone.
The one who has the power.
There are people who have the power but they are not vampires.
Listen Suha, you can make good friends if you want.
Yes.
I am also alone like you.
Yes, why not?
People call me Haley with love. I am in 12th class.
I am glad to meet you.
Chris, you have become a friend of mine too.
What were you doing?
What do you want to say?
Why did you show him your strength?
Why did you show so much strength?
Tell me, Solon.
Is there really nothing happening in your heart?
Whether there is something happening in your heart or not, Haley,
you shouldn't have done that at all.
All of us,
whoever we are,
we have to stay away from all humans.
Because we are all
vampires.
Love, hours like minutes, a real menace
Ain't no way to stop, criminal road
Got this night taste just like ooh
Is this fate that repeats itself?
We're trying to break it down cruelly, no hiding, hiding
I found you in the dark, I'm soaked in the light
You're my whole life, your smile and your voice
All of them are logic
Everything is behind you, you better watch it
I can't stop it
I'm gonna hit you hard
I can't deny my destiny
The cruel season comes to me
Will you forget me again?
You say goodnight, make me next life
But I'm lost tonight
Got me like
I've been hiding,
Chanchi,
Hold up and living,
No real,
Get up,
On again.
Come let's go,
Come in and out,
Got this night,
It's just like,
Ooh,
Coming out love.
This stink,
makes me puke.
Where are those vampires hiding?